
                                              *THE MABRIGASH*

    
    Complexity: High
    Race: Dunmer
    Skills:
        Offensive: One-handed, Destruction
        Defensive: Heavy Armor, Illusion, Conjuration
        Utility: Enchanting
    Attributes: 

    Summary:
    The Mabrigash is a stalwart close range fighter with mystical abilities that allow her to aproach her enemies safely. 
    She uses her heavy mace to stagger her foes and use *Attacks of Opportunity* to deal brutal amounts of damage with her 
    close-range *Touch Fire spells*. She sorrounds herself with fire to crisp her foes dealing fire DoT damage.
    AoO are not always safe to land so depending on her foes she needs to use some tricks up her sleeve. Illusion is used to wreck hell between enemies 
    with frenzy, so you can safely land your AoO. Also "Paralize" is a very useful spell when you are being sorrounded. 
    the Mabrigash needs to get in but the lack of healing forces her to be very careful about it. 
    Conjuration is meant to have meat shields to tank for you while you deal damage. You can go for Atronach for a range solution but I would
    advice frost or shock for safety. Conjuration can be swapped with Speech for utility and/or control with shouts (recommended option)  

    Lore 
    The Mabrigash Tribe is an Ashlander tribe that lives in the Vale of the Ghost Snake, in the region of Deshaan in mainland Morrowind. 
    The tribe is predominantly female, and worships an ancient entity known as the Ghost Snake, which some believe to be an aspect of Sithis. 
    Since Sithis is not the best deity to worship for this build we can roleplay as if you were using the powers of the Ghost Snake via the Paralize 
    spell. 
    
    Strenghts: 
    Can deal lots of damage via AoO, Fire Dot and Touch Spell. 
    Heavy armor coupled with Enchanting is a reasonable defensive solution.
    Has a plethora of Control skills to go either defensive or offensive depending on the situation. 
    
    Weaknesses:
    The complexity of the character comes from the need to balance all stats. Since you will need health to be at close range, stamina for power attacks 
    and magika for spells.
    The build is perk intensive. Little to no room for QoL in Speech or Lockpicking
    No healing. The only real damage mitigation will come from Heavy Armor and Enchanting. 

    
